---
title: Leona and Peter win Club Titles in Championship Best Performances
location: ALSAA
---
Leona O'Reilly won the women’s 1500 metres and Peter Arthur the men’s 3000 metres in ideal conditions at ALSAA.

Leona and Sile Carroll set about the race in very positive mode covering the first lap in 69 seconds and had detached themselves form the remainder of the field as they covered the first 800 mtrs in a brisk 2.22s. Meanwhile Eimear Nic An Bhaird and Lena Sinclair, making a return to racing after a long absence through injury, were having a battle for bronze medal. 
On the third lap Leona pulled away from Sile and went on to win in 4m50s with Sile second and Eimear having two seconds to spare over Lena for third. Annie Gittens was fourth the first of many to run faster than ever before.

Peter Arthur has been running with a lot of confidence recently and set about the task of winning his first 3000 metres title by taking it along from the front at an early stage. Ciaran Reilly a former winner of the title was having a battle with Chris Morgan for the silver medal spot.

There were quite a few groups involved in the race with Tom O’Connor, Martin Dorgan, John Parker, ConorReilly and Stephen O’Brien grouped together for a good portion of the race.

There was however no holding Peter Arthur who won in a new personal best of 8m49s some 48 seconds faster than he ran in the corresponding race last year.  Which shows what application to training and racing programme can bring? Chris Morgan won the silver medal with Ciaran Reilly third.

### Results

- [Women’s 1500 metres](/races/2015-07-09-lvac-1500m-women.html)
- [Men’s 3000 metres](/races/2015-07-09-lvac-3000m-men.html)
