---
title: Liffey Valley AC Statement on the Tom Brennan Memorial 2024 5k Race
location: Islandbridge, Dublin
---

On January 1st, 2024, Liffey Valley AC hosted our annual Tom Brennan Memorial Road Race with a record field participating, kicking off our 50th year celebrations having been founded in 1974.

Shortly after the initial set of finishers crossed the line, the times registered appeared to suggest that the course may have been short. In the days since the race completed, we have re-examined the course using the official Jones Counter method and verified that the course was short by 216 meters.

This shortfall was incurred in the first kilometer due to the starting line being positioned incorrectly on the Furze Rd.

Liffey Valley AC take full responsibility for this error.

Liffey Valley AC acknowledge the disappointment caused to athletes who are unable to rely on their finish time as an accurate 5k time and we apologize sincerely to all participants for this outcome.

We will correct this error and are reviewing steps to implement a more robust process to ensure that the 5k measured circuit is accurately sign posted and laid out from 2025 and all subsequent years.

We are very proud to host this annual 5k race which kicks off the calendar year, attracting both a high quality and high participation field, and to run it on this exceptionally flat course in the beautiful environs of the Phoenix Park that supports fast times.

Support from all runners in this year’s event is greatly appreciated and valued by all at Liffey Valley AC.

We look ahead with enthusiasm to TBM 5k 2025 when we will celebrate the 50th anniversary of our late teammate Tom Brennan’s famous Irish National Senior Cross Country Championship win at Belfield.

We look forward to seeing those familiar faces and some new faces on our start line.